migration readme - babel config clarification (#1851)
wix/yoshi: docs/migration/version-4.md

**Finally, for TypeScript projects, Yoshi now requires TypeScript with a minimum version of 2.9.0.**

### Babel config is no longer required

Previously, every project needed to configure their own Babel presets and rules. While giving projects flexibility, it created duplicated boilerplate and made it harder to create a good experience. Yoshi now configures Babel internally.

If your project is a Babel project, please make sure to remove your `.babelrc` file.  

> **Note** if you have custon configuration - it will not be supported anymore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** if you have custom babel configuration - it will not be supported anymore
```
